Tang Miaoyin, CEO of Galaxy Group
Huang Miaoying
Then what happened to Ye Longyuan?
Do you think I should lose or not?
So no one stopped you from growing up on you?
that year
The old man of the Tang family and the old man of my family have settled on a sun
Generation marriage contract
Tang Miaoyin's parents intended to betroth him to me
But the old man of the Tang family disagreed
I insist on betrothed Tang Miaoyin to my partner
half brother
Xiao Lingtian
Seven years ago, this ignorant Xiao Lingqian
Assassinated Tian and Wei Tongli during the attack
Guozhu Zhenning
Our old man dear
Self-destruct the tendons of his body
Ejected from the Xiao family
But Xiao Lingtian was expelled from the Xiao family
The engagement cannot be broken
So Tang Miaoying is now my fiancee
So this Tang Miaoying is running away from marriage and unscrupulous
You're only half right
My lord, your words are obvious
I said so much
Don't you have anything to say?
What do you want me to say?